hey guys here we are on the set of Evans
latest Lego builds what are you building
there buddy we've got the Simpsons house
here so this weekend there's going to be
a lego episode of The Simpsons so they
came out with this cool set there's also
gonna be some minifigures maybe you and
Jill can open some Lego Simpsons
minifigures
I want the Itchy and Scratchy we've got
a few here in this set the set is pretty
big how big how many pieces are in this
set here it is Lego The Simpsons this is
set 7 1 0 0 6 The Simpsons house it is
two thousand five hundred and twenty
three pieces and yes it is a building
toy yeah this is an expert you have to
be an expert to build this I don't know
about that but you have to be at least
12 it up luckily you are twelve minus
four actually we're good
the future you have been watching too
many other Tube videos time travel so
you get a bunch of minifigures in here
you get the whole Simpsons family and
you also get dear old neighbor Ned
Flanders there and you also get a
barbecue grill with hot dog so the
Simpsons are celebrating their 25th
anniversary Wow they've been around
longer than me I'm only 19 so I used to
watch The Simpsons right after I did my
homework on Sundays yeah I would do my
homework watch The Simpsons and then go
to bed so this looks pretty cool I saw
this at Toy Fair but I didn't get to
build it I will actually want to build
this set this Evan said he want to build
it so I guess I'll have to find another
set though maybe I'll build that a TTE
that Evan never built so how many bags
you have left on this one think you
still need a whole second floor though
right and a roof yeah yeah I like the
little details there little windows
talking about building as fast as you
usually do in the videos I just have to
slow so just like before we've got the
camera going here one frame every 25
seconds oh look at that
nice pose there all right so that's a
look at the Lego Simpsons build we'll
have that video for you guys soon along
with maybe some minifigures I don't know
leave us a comment down below if you
guys want to see the Lego Simpsons
minifigures and before we go we also
want to take a look at something here a
lot of people have been asking why we
don't have Instagram and the reason why
we didn't have an Instagram all this
time is because we really didn't know
how to use it I still don't know how to
use it
but I'm trying to figure it out so and
we just signed up and let's take a look
here and that is our name right there
official Evan tube HD somebody already
had Evan tube HD I think one of our
viewers sign up for an account but this
is the one that we have and that will be
uploading pictures too and look it right
there we have a picture of Emma building
the lake Oh Simpsons house so we're
going to be adding more pictures here I
guess that's what you do you take
pictures and then you upload them and
share them with people so right now we
are following two of our friends
bratayley and kittiesmama we have to
look at this thing and figure out how to
use it so if you guys have any tips on
how to use Instagram tell us in the
comments below let's try and do
something here I don't even know what
these buttons do we already have 37
followers and we have one post photos of
you hey lookit somebody has a photo of
you
looks like the Elf on the Shelf is
watching Evan review tenkai Knights and
that is a picture belonging to a lark
song check it out okay so I guess I just
take a picture with my camera phone
let's just do a test one here look here
smile all right I've got the picture and
I guess we share it now let's say we go
up here
oh you can put Instagram you can select
a bunch of different types of effects
and what happened well there we go it's
another picture of Evan building the
Lego Simpson all right I'm gonna do a
pose we're going to do another test here
he's gonna drop TNT into the Simpsons
house and it's the the shared like that
okay so we put blowing up Simpsons house
and just so you guys know this is the
Instagram test so we're not totally
weird
I'm just posting new pictures this is
just a test and we'll hit this button so
now you have three pictures on Instagram
and we'll have more pictures to come so
make sure you guys follow us we're gonna
go a lot of places this summer so it'll
be nice to take pictures and all the
places that we go and post them on
Instagram for you guys to see yeah doing
it like look at it before the videos
like behind the scene you
they'll be a lot faster than the video
the video takes us a while to edit and
put together pictures we're gonna take
the picture and I'll be right there on
Instagram so make sure you guys follow
and we'll see you guys later
Evan